Simplify dump version section since v1.0 can import all dumps (#203)
meilisearch/specifications: text/0105-dumps-api.md

The following table describes which version of the dump correspond to which version of Meilisearch

| Dump version | Meilisearch version                  |
|--------------|--------------------------------------|
| `v1`         | `v0.20.0` and below                  |
| `v2`         | `v0.21.0` and `v0.21.1`              |
| `v3`         | From `v0.22.0` to `v0.24.0` included |
| `v4`         | From `v0.25.0` to `v0.27.2` included |
| `v5`         | From `v0.28.0` to `v0.29.1` included |
| `v6`         | `v0.30.0` and later                  |

> All dumps created before and up to Meilisearch v1.0 can be imported in Meilisearch v1.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All dumps created before and up to Meilisearch v1.0 can be imported into Meilisearch v1.X.Y.
```

Reviewer: W want to avoid to update for each new `v1.X` release
